hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the proposition 2005
film
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the time of 1880 is shown as the movie
starts
it is the time when hopkins family is
raped and murdered violently
these brutes were not other people but
burns brothers gang
a violent gunfight is being held between
police and charlie burns
consequently all gang members meet their
end except charlie and his younger
brother mikey
all are ended captain stanley comes
there who says to charlie
i will release you and your younger
brother i will forget all your committed
sins in one condition
charlie you will have to kill your elder
brother named arthur
arthur is a dangerous and satanic-minded
man
he is psychopath who pretends to be a
legend to an extent
he is too terrific that his tribe
members do not come close to him
they are afraid of him being scared
police also cannot catch him
because his custody means to put your
life at risk
captain stanley aims to catch arthur
thinking there would never be peace in
australia until arthur-like people are
alive
people will continue to lose their lives
captain stanley keeps charlie's younger
brother under his supervision
and he allots nine days to charlie to
kill arthur after searching
he says i will release your brother if
you do it
your brother will be hanged on christmas
day in case of not killing within these
nine days
it means charlie has to kill his elder
brother to save the life of his younger
brother
captain stanley is transferred here
forcefully so he yearns to eradicate the
crime from australia
here is also his kind-hearted wife she
cannot bear the cruelty on others
so it is the cause that captain wants to
make this place worth living
so he may live peacefully captain
stanley and his wife were the close
family friends of the victim hopkins
family
it means it was told in the beginning
that hopkins family is murdered
violently
they both were their family friends
otherwise
captain's wife often has the dream of
that family's dead wife
as a result she is very scared after a
time
the native of the town get knowledge
about the decided deal between captain
and charlie
basically captain stanley's junior
officer has leaked the information about
this deal
as a result people start hating police
and especially captain stanley
captain stanley's senior officer informs
him that charlie's younger brother who
is in your custody will be flogged 100
times as a punishment
because he seduced and murdered hopkins
family
captain is left astonished hearing it
not for this as criminal as innocent
rather for this as the punishment of 100
lashes means to be dead
doing so his committed deal with charlie
will also come to end
because he has given his words as he
will be responsible to get free his
younger brother in return for his elder
brother's death
charlie will take revenge in case of not
fulfilling the deal
and his wife's life will also be at risk
now charlie's younger brother is
punished brutally
he is flogged before the people he is
wounded bitterly
witnessing it the people do not like to
view this punishment more
they do not want to have such punishment
even they were so excited on his
punishment before everyone
otherwise captain's wife is also fainted
witnessing this punishment
being wounded charlie's younger brother
has fallen down even though he is yet
flogged 40 raid than 100
and the lashes soaked into his blood
captain stanley cannot bear it more
pulling that lash he throws it to his
senior officer
and blood on lash touches on the senior
officer's face and dress
as a result senior officer suspends
captain stanley
meanwhile charlie is observed who is on
the distance traveling in search of his
elder brother arthur
while drinking he thinks that what he
has to do
charlie encounters an old man during
this journey
while conversing he comes to know that
this old man is a bounty hunter
it means such killers who take the lives
of the people for money
this bounty hunter is searching bern's
brother knowing it
charlie knocks that old man out into
unconscious
and he leaves from there after this
charlie is shown sleeping on the rock
here a local man attacks charlie with a
spear coming there
he attacks spear on his chest a gunshot
sound is heard before charlie's any take
in action
and that attacker who attacked charlie
his head is exploded
receiving a gunshot in the next scene
charlie is present in the camp of his
elder brother arthur
he comes into consciousness there this
camp is made in the different caves
there are many trained people in the
gang of charlie's elder brother arthur
one of them has rescued charlie while
killing
that local man who had attacked charlie
charlie's chest wounds are also
recovered to a great extent
charlie could kill his elder brother
arthur because he finds many chances to
do as such
but he still does not kill him now the
junior officer of captain stanley comes
on the scene who is near the camp of
arthur in case of a mission
elder brother arthur is going to give
him the taste of death
coming there junior officer says to him
stop your brother charlie has been sent
here for your murder
this conversation is continued here on
the other side
it is shown that old man who is bounty
hunter enters the camp and fastens the
sleeping charlie in his companion
using a strip arthur comes back to camp
after a time
old bounty hunter is shot at the back
side arthur begins to agonize him with a
knife when he is about to die
he tortures him badly but charlie kills
that old man
peacefully coming before him taking pity
on him
because he does not want him to be
agonized by arthur
now the time comes when charlie reveals
to his elder brother arthur
that he has been sent here to murder you
but i could not kill you you are my
elder brother
he reveals everything to him then they
decide to free their younger brother
from the prison
wearing the uniform of police both
brothers charlie and arthur approach the
police station
so they may look like police officers
and enter the prison with no difficulty
otherwise they bring their own gang
members disguising them the thieves
they enter the prison saying we have
assigned a duty to take these prisoners
into the prison
now they have entered inside here they
release their younger brother
taking his younger brother charlie comes
out from the prison
charlie's younger brother is still
wounded badly
because he is suffering the pain of 40
lashes which were hit to him
at last he loses his breath in the hands
of charlie
while burying him charlie's companion
says to him
it was your fault you should not have to
go
leaving your younger brother now captain
stanley and his
wife are shown at their house arthur and
his companion arrive here
they start firing the guns on captain's
house
entering the house arthur takes captain
stanley into other room while dragging
and he is kicking and punching him in a
brutal way because arthur wants to take
revenge
killing captain arthur calls his
companion who takes captain's wife in
the same room before them where captain
is in wounded condition
here arthur also shoots captain's
shoulder while
arthur's companion tries to seduce
captain's wife
at the same time charlie shoots the
seducer coming near to him
afterward charlie also shoots with gun
twice to his elder brother arthur
and he says no more it means that it
will not happen more as it has been till
now
after this arthur is shown stumbling
going outside the house
and he is also wounded here charlie
notices a gun on the table which could
be picked by him
and he could also kill arthur with it
but he does not do so
and he says to captain stanley who is
there i want to be with my brother
charlie also goes outside the house
after that following the blood-stained
track
he reaches a nearby hill charlie sits
near arthur who is there
arthur says to charlie you finally
stopped me
what will you do now charlie has no
words and he is just viewing the setting
sun
and the sun of arthurs is also setting
gradually with the actual setting of sun
at last arthur loses his breaths please
subscribe and like if you have liked the
propositions movies explanation
otherwise you can also view the other
movies on our channel
thanks for watching